Allow hyphens in fides_key (#347)
ethyca/fides: docs/fides/docs/language/resources/dataset.md

                    |-> fields
  ```

* The schema is represented as a set of "collections" (tables) that contain "fields" (columns).

* At each level -- Dataset, collection, and field, you can assign one or more Data Categories and Data Qualifiers. The Categories and Qualifiers declared at each child level is additive, for example, if you declare a collection with category `user.derived`, and a field with category `user.provided.identifiable.name`, your dataset will contain both user-derived and user-provided name data.

While you can create Dataset objects by hand, you typically use the `fidesctl generate-dataset`  command to create rudimentary Dataset manifest files that are based on your real-world databases. After you run the command, which creates the schema components, you add your Data Categories and Data Qualifiers to the manifest.

You use your Datasets by adding them to Systems. A System can contain any number of Datasets, and a Dataset can be added to any number of Systems.

Datasets cannot contain other Datasets.

## Object Structure

**fides_key**<span class="required"/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;_constrained string_

> A string token of your own invention that uniquely identifies this Dataset. It's your responsibility to ensure that the value is unique across all of your Dataset objects. The value may only contain alphanumeric characters and underbars (`[A-Za-z0-9_.-]`).

Author: oh good catch...find/replace time :)

> A string token of your own invention that uniquely identifies this Dataset. It's your responsibility to ensure that the value is unique across all of your Dataset objects. The value may only contain alphanumeric characters and underbars (`[A-Za-z0-9_.-]`).

Reviewer: Wtf is an underbar?

```suggestion
A custom string token that uniquely identifies this Dataset. It must be unique across all Dataset objects. The value may only contain alphanumeric characters, `_`, `.`, and `-` (it will be evaluated against the regular expression: `[A-z0-9_.-]`).
```

> A string token of your own invention that uniquely identifies this Dataset. It's your responsibility to ensure that the value is unique across all of your Dataset objects. The value may only contain alphanumeric characters and underbars (`[A-Za-z0-9_.-]`).

Author: also i apparently did not write that, because who calls it underbar instead of underscore??
